---
title: "002"
slug: "2020-05-06/002"
date: 2020-05-06T13:35:25-07:00
draft: false
tags:
  [
    "ADD",
    "ADHD",
    "anxiety",
    "career",
    "depression",
    "mental health",
    "neurodiversity",
    "personal",
    "software development",
  ]
---

Okay, so this is now connected to my agressivelymediocre.dev domain, which makes it "offical" and "real". Cool. Well, my plan here is to externalize some of my processing of current events and personal upheaval in short-ish (but longer than a tweet) posts.

I definitely find that writing things out in a stream of consciousness-type format helps me to parse how I'm feeling moreso than does talking to someone about the same issues. Only after I've done that initial step of processing all the thoughts and feelings do I feel like I have any coherent talking points with which to answer the oft-asked "So how're you doing?".

I do also recognize that while everyone processes differently, so much of keeping that process locked up and private helps perpetuate the stigma of externally processing our emotions and discussing mental health and I'd like to help reduce that stigma by posting my still-rough-but-not-completely-raw thoughts here for those who are searching for commonality and comradarie with the same or similar issues.

So hi 👋🏻, I'm Kate. I regularly deal with depression, anxiety, and ADHD and also had the misfortune of being laid off at the end of April from a company I deeply loved working at/with/for, on a product I still very much want to see succeed, and with a team that I greatly admire and will deeply miss. Moving on from here feels so confusing and unclear and uncertain and I'm doing my best to take my time in processing all of these feelings, along with my new professional situation (and the shared global reality of the COVID pandemic!) before I fully jump back into hunting for the next team/product/mission that I'll inevitably fall in love with.

\*slow deep breath\*

Change sucks; chaotic change, especially. And I'm incredibly prigiledged to no longer be in such a precarious state financially that the fallout from COVID and resulting quarantine, the loss of my income, and especially the combination of both, so I'm doing as much good as I can with where I am and what I have available to me, while still trying to also remember my own oxygen mask now and again.

Be well friends, and spend some time taking care of yourselves 💚
